[Fix] data.lua link syntax (#3982)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/2.8.x/reference/configuration.md

containing spaces.

For more details on the Nginx configuration file structure and block

> directives, see the [official documentation](https://nginx.org/en/docs/beginners_guide.html#conf_structure).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
directives, see the [Nginx reference](https://nginx.org/en/docs/beginners_guide.html#conf_structure).
```
Slightly more descriptive text. Ideally, you want the link text to tell the reader what they're clicking on - especially important for accessibility/someone tabbing through the page. I think it's useful for SEO also.

> For a list of Nginx directives, see the [official documentation](https://nginx.org/en/docs/dirindex.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of Nginx directives, see the [Nginx directives index](https://nginx.org/en/docs/dirindex.html).
```
